add modules and documentation (#2)
WayScience/CFReT_data: README.md

# CFReT Project

## Data

The data used in this project is a [Cell Painting assay](https://www.moleculardevices.com/applications/cell-imaging/cell-painting#gref) on [cardiac fibroblasts](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5588900/#:~:text=Definition%20by%20function,%2C%20and%20glycoproteins5%2C6.) from 3 patients that suffered from cardiac arrest. 

In this Cell Painting, there are five channels:

> - `d0` (Nuclei)

Reviewer: Have you seen documentation to indicate these structures? This doesn't seem to me to be the standard Cell Painting Assay 

See Table 1 of [Bray et al](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5223290/)

Author: @gwaybio What I have is how the documentation we have gotten for this project states how the channels are structured and what is being stained for in each. I can see that this does not follow the table given in [Bray et al](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5223290/), but I am following the figure below.

![CFReT_channels](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107513215/190666609-ad0de89d-145d-4770-8421-2887f46bbf76.png)

Reviewer: We'll probably want to add this figure somewhere, at some point! (probably the main readme!)

- `d1` (Endoplasmic Reticulum)
- `d2` (Golgi/Plasma Membrane)
- `d3` (Mitochondria)
- `d4` (F-actin)

![Composite_Figure.png](example_figs/Composite_Figure.png)

## Goal

> The goal of this project is to identify a biomarker associated with cardiac fibroblasts that indicates if the scarring caused by cardiac arrest is reversed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goals of this project are to identify morphology features that distinguish cardiac patients and to discover a cell morphology biomarker associated with drug treatment to reverse fibrosis scarring caused by cardiac arrest.
```

I _think_ this is more accurate :)

Author: Mine was definitely the shortened version haha. I believe this has more detail and is what we had discussed with the collaborators.

## Repository Structure

| Module | Purpose | Description |
| :---- | :----- | :---------- |
| [0_download_data](0_download_data/) | Download CFReT pilot data | Download pilot images for the CFReT project |

> | [1_preprocessing_data](1_preprocessing_data/) | Perform Illumination Correction (IC) | Use `BaSiCPy` to perform IC on images per channel |

Reviewer: I bet we'll eventually add to the `purpose` column here. It's beyond scope of this PR - I opened #3 to keep track.
